all right so today we're going to black
out the rims in this beautiful charger
with that nice Plasti Dip over there
super super get equipment yeah dude
alright so we're just look yeah and I
hope you learn something new to
subscribers all right now
all right so first you want to clean
your rims as much puzzle
stay a while for the win
Wow
sweet so we got cardboard right here so
we don't get plastidip all over the
grass good mind just making sure it's
really dry and the reason why we're
doing this cleaning is to make sure that
pocket it doesn't stick to the dirt on
the rim it actually sticks to the room
itself
masking tape are you taping on anyone
today I think it's too shiny I've never
seen your rooms look that good
my biggest crybaby someone when they've
washed their cars they don't clean the
wheels yeah gotta keep nice alright make
sure you just mess the you don't want to
get positive on the air
alright so we're gonna let this dry and
then we'll start applying the plastijet
all right shake up that plastidip real
you got shank real good alright first
you're gonna wanna put a light coat on
just don't want to run
all right now once you get your first
coat you're just gonna let it sit for a
little while and put some on like five
ten minutes each five ten minutes yeah
let's sit we're just doing the the lugs
that release of it so you get all the
crevices on the rim don't we just set
them out separately all right we're
doing the second coat just keep it wide
still don't give it in one place or else
it'll run just exactly what he's doing
alright smell let that dry for the FAQ
and Oprah our third code on coal minutes
go alright well the third coat now
that's nice and dry
mr. Leggett forecast yeah what you want
with her and we'll go on
alright now we really the what is this
for
I mean it looks pretty freakin good how
about you yeah looks good all right I
filed codes ride so now we're just
peeling off the excess on the tire
that's why I'm gonna make it real thick
around the edges so that you gotta know
oh you pull off all you want some
plastic yeah that's pretty much it Lee
now you're our matte black classy dip
rims this is a nutrition facts that
happened huh all right
sorry this guy got the black rims
what
so let's say you buy a seat up here